Kelpie Lamb: DL contract benchmark (#6)
scalar-labs/kelpie-test: lamb/README.md

# Kelpie Lamb

> You can benchmark your contract with Lamb. Lamb can set values to the contract's arguments for each contract execution.

Reviewer: I think it should first say what is `Kelpie Lamb`.
I'm not fully sure if it is correct, but how about something like this?
```suggestion
Kelpie Lamb is a Kelpie extension for benchmarking of Scalar DL contracts.
Lamb provides pre-defined modules to enable you to execute a contact iteratively with different arguments simply.
```

## Build

```console
$ ./gradlew shadowJar
```

## How to run a test
Before benchmarking, you have to set up your Scalar DL environment.
1. Make Lamb configuration file like [lamb_config.toml](./lamb_config.toml)
2. Make a contract configuration file `CONTRACT_CONFIG` to specify your contract
    - [sample_contract_config.json](./sample_contract_config.json) is a sample configuration
3. Make a variable configuration file `VARIABLE_CONFIG` to configure variables in the contract configuration file
    - [sample_variable_config.json](./sample_variable_config.json_config.json) is a sample configuration
4. Run a test with Kelpie
    ```console

>     $ ${KELPIE}/bin/kelpie --config <LAMB_CONFIG>

Reviewer: Don't we need to specify `CONTRACT_CONFIG` and `VARIABLE_CONFIG`?

Author: Kelpie can receive only a TOML config file. So, Lamb gets `CONTRACT_CONFIG` and `VARIABLE_CONFIG` via `LAMB_CONFIG`.

    ```

### With docker
#### Docker build
```console
$ ./gradlew docker
```

#### Run a test
```console
$ ./docker_run.sh -l <LAMB_CONFIG> -c <CONTRACT_CONFIG> -v <VARIABLE_CONFIG> -p <POPULATION_CONTRACT> -t <TARGET_CONTRACT>
```

> - Your contract class paths in the contract configuration file should be under `/lamb` directory because the script places your contracs to `/lamb` directory on docker. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Your contract classpaths in the contract configuration file should be under `/lamb` directory because the script places your contracts to `/lamb` directory on docker, as seen below, for example.
```

![Lamb](https://github.com/scalar-labs/kelpie-test/workflows/Lamb/badge.svg)

# Kelpie Lamb
Kelpie Lamb is a Kelpie extension for benchmarking of Scalar DL contracts.

## Build

```console
$ ./gradlew shadowJar
```

## How to run a test

> Before benchmarking, you first have to set up your Scalar DL environment.

Reviewer: This sentence looks like a summary of the following items, but it's not. 
I feel this section should be moved to a prerequisite section.

Author: I added the Prerequisite section

> Before benchmarking, you have to set up your Scalar DL environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before benchmarking, you first have to set up your Scalar DL environment.
Then, please do the following configurations.
```

> 1. Make Lamb configuration file like [lamb_config.toml](./lamb_config.toml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make Lamb configuration file. See [lamb_config.toml](./lamb_config.toml) as a sample.
```
Just a question. Why isn't it named `sample-xxx.toml` like the others?

2. Make a contract configuration file to specify your contract
    - Refer to [Contract configuration](#Contract-configuration)
    - [sample_contract_config.json](./sample_contract_config.json) is a sample configuration

> 3. Make a variable configuration file to configure variables in the contract configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Make a variable configuration file to configure variables defined in the contract configuration file
```

    - Refer to [Variable configuration](#Variable-configuration)
    - [sample_variable_config.json](./sample_variable_config.json_config.json) is a sample configuration
4. Run a test with Kelpie
    ```console
    $ ${KELPIE}/bin/kelpie --config <LAMB_CONFIG>
    ```

### With docker
#### Docker build
```console
$ ./gradlew docker
```

#### Run a test
```console
$ ./docker_run.sh -l <LAMB_CONFIG> -c <CONTRACT_CONFIG> -v <VARIABLE_CONFIG> -p <POPULATION_CONTRACT> -t <TARGET_CONTRACT>
```
- Your contract classpaths in the contract configuration file should be under `/lamb` directory because the script places your contracts to `/lamb` directory on docker, as seen below, for example.
    ```json
    "sample_contract.Balance": {
      "class_file": "/lamb/Balance.class",
      "properties": {},
      "arguments": {
        "asset_id": "_id_"
      }
    }
    ```

> - You don't have to change the paths like the contract configuration file and the variable configuration file in the default [lamb_config.toml](./lamb_config.toml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You don't have to change the paths of the contract configuration file and variable configuration file in the default [lamb_config.toml](./lamb_config.toml)
```
If they are parts of all,  I think `such as` instead of `of` is more appropriate.

## Benchmark configuration

> You can configure a benchmark job by a toml file like [lamb_config.toml](./lamb_config.toml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure a benchmark job by a toml file just like usual Kelpie applications.
```

> It's a Kelpie configuration file. Basically, you don't have to modify `[modules]` for your benchmark. You can refer to Kelpie's [README](https://github.com/scalar-labs/kelpie) about `[modules]`, `[common]` and `[stats]` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see in the sample configuration file [lamb_config.toml](./lamb_config.toml), 
it must specify pre-defined `LambPreparer`, `LambProcessor`, and `LambReporter` modules to make benchmarking Lamb-based. You can refer to Kelpie's [README](https://github.com/scalar-labs/kelpie) about `[modules]`, `[common]` and `[stats]` table.
```

Not fully sure if it is correct, but I feel something like this might be needed.
